add global contracts section (#2525)
near/docs: docs/smart-contracts/global-contracts.md

---
id: global-contracts
title: Global Contracts
sidebar_label: Global Contracts
---
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

Global contracts allow smart contracts to be deployed once and reused by any account without incurring high storage costs.

---

> ## Deploying Global Contract

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deploying a Global Contract
```

> Global contract can be deployed in 2 ways: either by its hash or by owner account id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Global contracts can be deployed in 2 ways: either by their hash or by the owner account ID.
```
